# REPORT

  The repercussions of plastic waste is enormous. It affects our health, causes environmental pollution and limits the availability of resources in the future. Although all the countries have attempted to improve this situation, plastic pollution has been widely spread. Since plastic production has rapidly increased, with 40 billion tons of plastic produced in 2020 and a considerable rise to 120 billion by 2060 predicted, it is most likely landfilled this plane in the future. Sustainability education is thought to be the most effective way to change consumer behaviour to protect the planet, according to  Bah I. A. research that indicated a positive correlation between higher economic growth and investment in education, societies with higher levels of education may better address environmental challenges. Therefore, this research aimed to uncover how much the impact of education and economic growth have on plastic management by category of recycling, landfill, mismanagement and incineration across regions.
  Nonetheless, this research revealed that unique countries with distinctive features of plastic management, such as the USA, where a high GDP and quality education have been recorded consistently, have not significantly improved plastic waste management. In contrast, countries such as Europe, whose GDP growth stabilised at a lower scale in comparison, have made notable progress in managing plastic waste, likely due to economic development and increasing educational efforts.
  Therefore, research findings indicate that regions with higher SDG scores, higher education completion and constant economic growth at higher rates tend to exhibit more effective waste management practices, particularly with regard to recycling and incineration. However,  developing countries, notably in Sub-Saharan Africa and certain regions of Asia, showed significant improvement despite considerable challenges in heterogeneous factors such as poverty. The study suggests that a combination of economic growth and higher education at a high level catalyses the development of more sustainable plastic management practices with a knowledge-based economy.

(Note: Given the difficulties in effective collaboration with other members, as reported before, this research was ultimately carried out individually.)




