  The repercussions of plastic waste are enormous. They changed the prevailing lifestyle to one that is more convenient. On the contrary, they affect our health, cause environmental pollution and likely limit the availability of resources in the future. Although all the countries have attempted to improve this situation, plastic pollution has been widespread. Since the number of plastic production has rapidly increased, with 40 billion tons of plastic produced in 2020 and a considerable rise to 120 billion by 2060 predicted, it is most likely landfilled this plane in the future. Therefore, urgent actions need to be addressed to solve this issue.
  Sustainability education is thought to be the most effective way to change consumer behaviour and protect the planet.  according to research by Bah I. A., 2023, which indicated a positive correlation between higher economic growth and quality education. Societies with higher levels of education may better address environmental challenges. Therefore, this research aimed to uncover the impact of education and economic growth on plastic management by the categories of recycling, landfills, mismanagement, and incineration across regions.
  Due to quantitative correlational research, the Spearman correlation coefficient was mainly employed for the datasets from Kaggle:  the plastic management rate and SDG score data originated from the United Nations. Not only the correlations of education, economic growth, and plastic management but also the potential casualties were discussed through the regional features concluded from this research. 

(Note: Given the difficulties in effective collaboration with other members, as reported before, this research was ultimately carried out individually.)
